git-root: add page (#6009)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/git-root.md

# git root

> > Print Current Working directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Print the current working directory or Git repository.
```

Author: ```suggestion
> Print the current working directory or Git repository directory.
```

Reviewer: `Git repository directory` doesn't really sound right. Maybe `Git repository path`?

Author: ```suggestion
> Print the current working directory or Git repository path.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Print the root directory of the current Git repository.
```

> Part of `git-extras`.
> More information: <https://github.com/tj/git-extras/blob/master/Commands.md#git-root>.

> - Print directory currently opened in a Git repository, from root directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Print the absolute path of the current Git repository:
```

`git root`

> - Print directory currently opened in a Git repository, from beginning of repository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Print the current working directory, relative to the root of the current Git repository:
```

Author: This is a little man pagey

Reviewer: I don't think that has to be a bad thing.

Reviewer 3: Neither do I.  You know, "the" is used in man pages, so should we try to avoid it? 😄

@marchersimon I'd remove the comma in that suggestion though.

Author: Ok, after reading a few times I see your point, however I shouldn't of had to read it a few times to understand what it meant

Reviewer 3: No...but not everyone does.  I, for one, knew what it mean with one glance. 🤷🏻‍♂️

Author: Well I obviously new what it does, since I wrote this :) However it just sounds a little confusing however if you agree with it then we will use it

Reviewer 3: "relative to" is common and it's the most succinct way of putting it IMO; we can't make everything perfect.  I think it's fine.
